This is an absolute disaster. WidgetCorp just called me screaming.
Their entire checkout flow has been down for two hours because of our API outage.
Look, Alex, I understand they are upset, but yelling at me doesn't fix the server.
We pushed the v2.4 patch last night, and it introduced an aggressive rate-limiting bug that we didn't catch in staging.
Okay, let's take a breath. Blame doesn't matter right now. Fixes matter. Priya, what is the fastest resolution?
The fastest thing is to completely roll back to v2.3. It will take the system offline for about five minutes, but it will stabilize the API.
Do it. We are making the decision right now to roll back to v2.3.
Understood. Actioning the rollback now. It will be fully completed by 2:00 PM today.
Alex, I need you to draft the formal incident report and send it to the WidgetCorp CTO by EOD today.
Will do. I'll also offer them a 15% discount on next month's invoice to smooth this over.
Good call. I'll approve that. I will process the credit memo for WidgetCorp by tomorrow morning.